The Joe Rogan experience. Mm-hmm <affirmative> I mean,
if they're gonna make phone calls, they're gonna, you know,
take out Don lemonon or something. Cuz he talk about Trump. They're not gonna,
you know.
What I mean? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. Maybe she just, just doesn't make sense.
Sense, Don dunno know, I'd always like to know what happened. UFOs are.
Openly discredited by normal people. People. Well, not entirely.
Though, half the world to, to believe leaves.
If you look at the work of Ralph bmenthal and Leslie keen,
New York times reporters they're Credly reporting these, this stuff,
Barney and Betty Hill, the state of New Hampshire has certified their SI their,
their, uh, uh, has certified their experience with a plaque.
You can go to the place where they were allegedly abducted and the state of New
Hampshire has.
UFO. We know that that doesn't mean anything.
It doesn't mean it happened because well.
It means it's a state certified or state recognized paranormal experience.
Sure. You can get anything certified in New Hampshire. That's a goofy place.
Well, I don't Adam shout.
Out to New Hampshire, but Adam Sandler comes from there. That's one. I he's a,
he's a, uh, definitely a, a national Treasur. There it is. There it is.
Andbody Hills. This isn't that great.
I mean, wow.
Like a state certified and also another state certified P oh 61 61. Oh, right,
right.
Around the time. That was uh, a couple months before Kennedy was shot. Right?
Wasn't.
He shot in November, uh, 63 for.
Him, right? Yeah. Oh, was it 63? Yeah.
63. And that wasn't 47. Yeah. But there you go. That New Hampshire.
A couple bit and Barney hill experience is a close encount with.
A nonapp five. And then in Martha, Texas, you heard of the Mar lights.
No, I have not heard.
Of that.
The Mar lights are these a anomalous and that's a state kind of recognized
paranormal mystery, too mysterious. Marite they have a, a kind of a picnic area.
We can watch them at night. No one knows what they are.
They appear every night and they bounce around on the horizon.
They go up and down and back and forth.
People say all their headlights from different cars on the highway.
But the air force, uh, the state police,
they've all tried to figure out what they, they are.
And they just don't know what the Mar lights are.
And they're recognized by the state of Texas as a paranormal event.
You but I like your skeptical view. Yes I do. Yeah.
Lightning is a real thing.
That's created by pressure inside the tectonic plate, but.
Every night consistently going back and forth in symmetrical.
Patterns. But I mean, every night, can we go there tonight? Yes. And go film it.
Yes. We could. A hundred percent. Absolutely. Really?
Yep. Mar.
Lights. How many videos of the Mar lights are available? Go.
Ahead. Mar and Jackson. A of, and there.
They are. There they are. Let see we got here. Mm-hmm <affirmative> wow.
What do we got here? Yeah,
no one knows's that's redneck they're driving their trucks over the hill<laugh>.
Well, that's what they say in the airfor the police they've looked in there.
They've done surveys. They've done. Juetic surveys. What is it? Is it gas?
Is it, what.
What do they think it is? What's the official explanation.
No one knows mystery lights that state of Texas has a little plaque.
The are for mystery lights. Enjoy them because they're there.
They're gonna be there tonight. Those 6:00 PM to two in the thing really? Mm.
Every.
Night, every night, every get a place out there every night,
smoke weed and stare at the sky. Do you,
is there any UFO sightings that you think are nonsense?
Is there any like mainstream ones that you listen to and you're like,
I'm not buying that one.
Um, well, um,
all the people that I've talked to that have had sightings and have had
experience to seem very genuine. I don't know that anyone has been,
I don't know anyone that's been blown out publicly that I would doubt. I mean,
can you think of one? I don't know. I, I believe I, the allgache boys,
Calvin Parker down there in Mississippi, the Pascagoula incident. I mean,
again, their,
their lives were severely negatively affected by these experiences. Um, right.
But.
They didn't know whether or not that was gonna be the case when they reported on
it. A lot of people do silly things that ne negatively affect their life. Yeah.
And that's, they don't, they're not aware. They don't,
they're not future tellers. They there, the there's.
A guy there. He was,
he says that the alien appeared at his back screen porch door he's in col,
Colorado. Do you know that gentleman? Uh, he says that the, do.
You have balls deep in this man? You know, all these stories, this guy. I.
I, I don't really, I don't know if I believe him because the, no, the, uh,
Colorado of alien at the back door, I don't know. Doesn't seem right.
I just looked, I don't know if I, him or not. It just like,
like he was fabricating there, that guy.
Out, I'm sure there's a lot of people fabricating things. And I'm also sure.
There's a lot of people that believe they're telling a true story,
but in fact are schizophrenic. Mm <affirmative>.
Or they have some issues or there's, I think there's a lot of that going on.
You.
Know, Billy Meyer was, was doubted for me story. Sure. Story.
What do do you think about, about him?
The pictures are so vivid and the playtine plaing store so vivid. I don't,
I don't, I mean, he's not a book, uh, Billy Meyer, uh,
you can put's Billy Meyer, UFO, uh, photos of up there wheres he from he,
he was a Swiss. Yeah. We.
Have his book.
That was the know somebody came to the comedy store and gave me with the big.
Book on that guy. The big pictures and the isn't that isn't that they.
Well.
Well, look at the one by the pine tree. They're going, they're going, oh.
Attached the saucer to the pine tree, but I heard.
He threw it in the air and took a picture of it. Okay.
Well, that's one theory, but wasn't it, you know,
didn't they do that just to show the scale of their ship.
And some of those photos are pretty, pretty convincing. I don't know. And
okay. If you wanna.
Say guy who keeps taking awesome pictures of youfo, I'm not buying it.
Well again, you know, if there was anyone that I had doubt,
because throw so much doubt has been thrown his way. That's pretty, pretty.
I mean, how do you, well, I suppose with Photoshop, but Bruce McAbee,
I believe is Bruce. McAbee's analyzed these. He wrote this book. He says,
they're real.
What? Right. But a guy who's writing a book on UFOs is analyzing U no,
but you' saying they're real. This guy wants, but.
But Bruce McAbee is a, is a doctor. And, and, and he's a sci, he's a,
he worked for the Naval.
I want to talk to his, ex-girlfriends see if he's full of.
So you know what I'm saying? Like,
like you could say all these positive things about people. Yeah.
He was, he worked for the Navy. He was one he's the expert. Well,
he's the expert. He said, that's the Gucci version. Yeah. That, yeah.
Look at those balls. What are they? That's a bling bling.
Those are the pin balls.
I'm that if you had an Instagram account and you and alien,
that's the one you'd.
But I think he did a photo. He did a photo analysis and he said that, uh,
that Bruce believes the real. And I believe Bruce, if you, if you read, uh,
this book here, he's, uh, he's the real thing,
like what Stanton was the real thing, Bruce, McAbee's the real thing because,
uh, they're there are scientists who are doing, um, you know, very, very, uh,
thorough and close inquiry on the,
on the matter mm-hmm <affirmative> so if you ask me who I doubt, maybe,
I don't know, Billy mayyer I don't know. I don't know. Yeah.
He took too many. Yeah.
If he had like three it's like a Glu it's like too much chocolate. Yeah.
Come on. That's all you're doing. You're out there and they just come to you.
Why don't you set up a camera crew? 24, 7 for a couple weeks. And,
uh let's well, Stephen Greer.
Uses lasers. He points them up to the sky and, and kind of attracts em that way.
Yeah. Yeah. You know he's. Yeah. Well, uh,
but his wife and daughters have said that if, you know, they've sat out and,
and watched these things come and go in North Carolina at their house. And.
But people saying that something happened. And so how about all the photos?
But his thing is about UFOs. He's made documentaries about UFOs.
His business is he knows a lot about UFOs. What, what you want.
I talked to Greer. I'm not buying it. What you.
Want is you want the Sam, you want the, uh, you want the herb Shermer story.
What's the herb Shermer store.
Nebraska highway patrolman on patrol sees a flash of light in the Ashland oil,
uh, refinery near Nebraska, flash of light in oil refinery in the broad.
Dielight not a good thing. Could be a fire, goes up, not into UFOs.
Highway patrolman goes up. He was taken into a ship and deposited.
He's one of the famous one. So no agenda there didn't wanna tell a story again,
got into trouble for it. But again, here's the thing. Herb Shermer, herb Sherm,
H I R M E R, and little.
Disrespect to herb. But some cops are crooked. They steal people's money.
Some cops rape people. Some cops pull people over for nothing.
Some people shoot people for, for non-existing crimes. There's a lot of,
there's a lot of people that just happen to be police officers that are also
full of. That's.
That a lot of people are full of. That's true. Yes. But I, I, you know, again,
here he is, he's a guy. Why would he say that? There's no evidence. The.
Other one is where's his evidence?
Well, his evidence is anecdotal. Like a lot of it, but that's a problem. Right?
Well, the Phoenix, the Phoenix lights, there's there's video of that. That's.
Ifferent one, that's.
A different story. Um, Marni zzaora Z is Z a M O R a.
He was a New Mexico highway patrolman.
He said a saucer landed and he saw it land. And Dan.
Aroy, everybody wants to be special.
And one of the best ways to be special is for you to have a special moment with
some special creatures from a special place mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And no one else can recognize whether or not you're telling the truth or not
telling the truth. Right.
You talk about out this and everybody wants to listen and they listen to you.
They're totally fixated on everything you like to say. Well, how about.
Pro? How about toxic? How about provez jaafari Pervez jaafari I like the name.
Okay. Hevez.
Jaafari he was an Iranian, uh, air force pilot, and he still lives.
Inran he's does many lectures and he did the famous, uh, it's the Iranian,
uh, te around UFO society.
He chased the UFO in his jet and the thing turned off all the electronics and
the jet. And he said, this thing was moving. How about general Deb brewer? Well.
How about David? Fraer.
I don't know him. He's.
Um, he's the guy that they were talking about on the, uh,
bomblazar documentary he's he experienced something that flew
exactly like the lalazar ones. I'm I'm gonna talk to him soon.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and he incredibly credible and you know,
military accolades.
He's a very well respected guy and he's never had any other fantastic sort of
stories that he's told. I can't wait to talk to him about this.
As jaari he's a good guest too. You should get him on.
And then there's the guy who flew the Alaskan, uh, you know,
the Japan airlines flight with all the wine on it.
And the UFO above Alaska circled him several times. That's a famous story.
I'd get a bottle.
Of that wine. Yeah. That.
Would be, yeah. Yeah. So Alaska airlines citing. That's another one. So no,
but I like, I like your view. You are not gonna sit here and say, oh,
it's all true. I'm accepting it all. It's too easy to,
but all I give all I give you all I give you here today from my experience is
the ones that I believe mm-hmm <affirmative> and that's Betty and Betty Hill.
Travis Walton, Betty bar. Gosh, boys.
Yeah. Betty and Barney hill are, are really interesting one,
cuz there's also there wasn't precedent, Betty and Barney hill in 1961.
There wasn't a bunch of people that were talking about these things happening to
them.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and since then there've been very many that were really
similar. Mm-hmm <affirmative> very similar and it makes you wonder. Yeah.
Cause here's but this is what I wanna say to people that are skeptical.
And of course I'm skeptical. That's why I'm knocking holes in these things.
Yeah. But it, if that,
if it did happen and you were left alone to try to explain to people,
something that is incredibly unique,
very few people ever experience it.
It would be so hard to get people to believe you. Well.
That's why you have to go to a professional. You go to a professional, but even.
There's no such thing, you know, well, someone who can professional,
no means you make money doing it means you studied it and you make money doing
it. There's not a single human being on this planet.
That's a professional Explorer of other worlds, right?
There's not a single person on this planet that is a professional expert on
alien civilization and could tell you everything they need to know.
I know more about French.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> about the Lang the French language than anyone that's ever
lived knows about alien civilizations. And I don't know about French. Right.
Do you know what I'm saying? Yep. I know it's a real place.
I know France is a real place and French is a real language. And I could say,
pollvufar say that's more than anybody can explain about any I,
any civilization on some other planet, you've.
Gotta take the credentials of the people who, who at these things. And I,
I do refer to, uh, do the credentials.
Are poorlyly terrestrial.
They are that's right. No. Um, you know, UFOs, uh, generals, pilots, and, and,
uh, uh, on UFOs, go on the record.
That's Leslie Keen's book and there's some pretty, pretty compelling, uh,
you know, stories.
Do you remember arcce hall when he had that,
that thing you would do things that make you go Hmm mm-hmm <affirmative> mm-hmm
<affirmative>.
Hundreds in states. See flying saucers, Indianapolis news, you know, anyway,
this is a neat book by Bruce. I believe Bruce was the real thing.
I believe Stanton is the real thing. And.
I listen,
Jay Allen Heinick is one of the more interesting characters to me because he ran
love blue book book. Yeah.
He ran project blue book and his directive was to debunk these stories.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> whether or not they were credible. He was,
his directive was to say, that's a weather balloon. That's a, that's a star.
This is, uh, swamp gas. That was his directive.
But then when he left project blue book, he said, listen, these things are I?
Yeah. 20% of sightings are unexplained. Yeah. He said, these.
Things are real. And when you, when you talk to a man like that,
who's living was in debunking these things.
And then after it was all over,
he was compelled to communicate with the American public,
that there was a real situation going yep. Going on.
There is. Um, and he.
He's really into interesting.
To me and Ken Arnold, his sighting is pretty compelling. Sure. Um, so I think,
I don't think they want to form a relationship with us.
I think they're coming and going like taxis.
And they have been since the beginning of the existence of,
of life on this planet, the existence of this planet, do you.
Think they engineered human beings?
Well, that mission to Mars movie is one of NASA employees. Favorite movies.
I think maybe they a mission to.
Mars movies. I't, that's.
A, a mission to Mars. Tim Robbins. Really good picture. It's a doc.
It's a, its.
A feature. It's a feature. It's a feature. Yeah. Mission to Mars.
Yeah. What is it about.
It's about the mission to Mars and them discovering there was a civilization
there and that perhaps we were helped along in our development. Yeah.
What year was this? Around? Uh, thousand. I'm not sure. Missionthousands really.